:adhesive_bandage: Combobox: placeholder fix (#3101)
navikt/Designsystemet: .changeset/friendly-pens-sin.md

---
"@navikt/ds-react": patch

> "@navikt/aksel": patch

Reviewer: Is `@navikt/aksel` affected?

Author: No, no it is not.

---

> :adhesive_bandage: Placeholder goes away when value added

Reviewer: Should mention "Combobox", e.g.
```suggestion
:adhesive_bandage: Combobox: Placeholder goes away when an option is selected
```
